What did they use to dig the snow cave?
Who found the boys?
What are the boys' parents' names?
What does "perjury" mean?
When was Clinton acquitted of the charges of perjury and obstructing justice?
Who is concerned about Radarsat-2's powerful abilities?
What kind of animal do the inmates hunt in the summertime?
Who is one of the prisoners on today's hunt?
When was Sean fined for begging?
Who is Sean's lawyer?
Where was Tyrell Dueck from?
What kind of treatment did Tyrell and his parents want to try for his condition?
How long was Tyrell's treatment delayed while the case went through the courts?
When did the provincal government drop the case against Tyrell?
Who claimed that Tyrell didn't have cancer?
According to Joe Bourgeault, why did the alternative medicine fail to work in Tyrell's case?
What happens to cells in one half of the brain as a result of Rasmussen's disease?
How does the electrical energy being fired off when it is not supposed to affect the brain?
Which side of Amber's brain was affected by Rasmussen's disease?
When can the round goby feed due to its special sensors?
How many seats in the legislature did the Progressive Conservatives win in the election?
Where is the Lunar Prospector supposed to crash-land?
What did Shoemaker-Levy 9 slam into?
Whom did Shoemaker teach about craters?
By 2002, who are expected to be competing in the RoboCup tournament?
What caused the mudslides?
Where do mudslides often occur?
What usually causes mudslides?
Who do town officials want to help clean up the harbour?
How did the International Fisherman's Trophy race start?
Where did the centre of the earthquake hit?
What is the capital of Turkey?
Who spent hours digging through the rubble?
Why are earthquake victims being treated on the streets?
What are Canada's disaster assistance troops trained in?
At their current viewing rates, who will spend more time watching TV than they will in the classroom?
When do pediatricians say the TV should be turned off?
How much of the income in the Nunavut Territory comes from the art industry, according to Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien?
What does Adrienne Clarkson call her appointment as Canada's governor general?
When does Clarkson replace the current governor general?
Who is Adrienne Clarkson replacing as governor general?
Who pressured Habibie to change his mind about allowing peacekeeping troops into Indonesia?
Why are francophones in the Northwest Territories angry?
What percentage of documents requested from the territorial government in French were unavailable, according to a one-day survey?
Where did the survey report come from?
What has Conservative party leader Gary Filmon announced?
Where will a recount take place?
What per cent of the popular vote did the NDP take?
Where did the two trains collide?
At what time did the trains collide?
How fast were the two trains going when they hit one another?
Where did the swearing-in of Ms. Clarkson take place?
While in office, what title does Ms. Clarkson assume?
Who did Ms. Clarkson praise during her speech?
When did Ms. Clarkson's family arrive in Canada?
As Governor General, who does Ms. Clarkson represent?
As Governor General, Ms. Clarkson presides over the swearing-in of what Canadian officials?
What company runs YNN?
Which provinces rejected the idea of having YNN in the classrooms?
Who should the music society and school provide instruments for, according to Ryan MacLeod?
Who will be able to use the school's instruments?
Where in China did the woman come from?
What kind of lawsuit was filed against Sarah McLachlan?
How did McLachlan feel about the suit being thrown out?
Where did McLachlan move from?
Why was Bruce Neudorf hired, according to McLachlan?
What did Neudorf claim he did not receive from McLachlan?
According to Fogo town manager Bruce Pomeroy, when should the government have made everyone aware if there were risks from THMs?
What does charcoal do to chemicals in water?
Where is the Family Farm Tribute concert being held?
When did John Morris Rankin tell the teenagers to jump out of the truck?
Why did Rankin's musical group break up?
What was the mission of the Mars Polar Lander?
How much did the Polar Lander mission cost?
How much did the Polar Lander weigh?
How many legs did the Mars Polar Lander have?
Where will the money come from that the government gives to the hockey teams
What is Glenroy Gilbert doing in Texas?
Where was the film Water being shot?
Whom does Watson plan to join on a journey to the top of the 5,945-metre Mount Logan?
When did Watson lose his sight?
What other mountain would Watson like to climb after Mt. Logan?
What party does Joerg Haider lead in Austria?
According to Rabbi Marvin Hier, why had Haider had flown to Canada?
Where was Haider photographed playfully juggling a snowball?
