According to Fogo town manager Bruce Pomeroy, when should the government have made everyone aware if there were risks from THMs?
According to Joe Bourgeault, why did the alternative medicine fail to work in Tyrell's case?
According to Rabbi Marvin Hier, why had Haider had flown to Canada?
As Governor General, who does Ms. Clarkson represent?
At their current viewing rates, who will spend more time watching TV than they will in the classroom?
By 2002, who are expected to be competing in the RoboCup tournament?
How did McLachlan feel about the suit being thrown out?
How did the International Fisherman's Trophy race start?
How does the electrical energy being fired off when it is not supposed to affect the brain?
How fast were the two trains going when they hit one another?
How long was Tyrell's treatment delayed while the case went through the courts?
How many legs did the Mars Polar Lander have?
How many seats in the legislature did the Progressive Conservatives win in the election?
How much did the Polar Lander mission cost?
How much did the Polar Lander weigh?
How much of the income in the Nunavut Territory comes from the art industry, according to Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien?
On whom is a hemispherectomy usually performed?
What are U.N. peacekeeping troops doing in war-torn Kosovo?
What are fundamentalists?
What are the boys' parents' names?
What are the other two films in Mehta's trilogy?
What company runs YNN?
What did Neudorf claim he did not receive from McLachlan?
What did they use to dig the snow cave?
What does "perjury" mean?
What does charcoal do to chemicals in water?
What is Glenroy Gilbert doing in Texas?
What is Pavel Bure's occupation?
What is hypothermia?
What is the capital city of East Timor?
What kind of animal do the inmates hunt in the summertime?
What kind of lawsuit was filed against Sarah McLachlan?
What kind of role does Clarkson plan to play in Canadian unity?
What kind of treatment did Tyrell and his parents want to try for his condition?
What new question are Canadian pediatricians considering asking parents during a child's checkup?
What other mountain would Watson like to climb after Mt. Logan?
What party does Joerg Haider lead in Austria?
What percentage of documents requested from the territorial government in French were unavailable, according to a one-day survey?
When can the round goby feed due to its special sensors?
When did John Morris Rankin tell the teenagers to jump out of the truck?
When did Ms. Clarkson's family arrive in Canada?
When did Watson lose his sight?
When did the provincal government drop the case against Tyrell?
When do pediatricians say the TV should be turned off?
When does Clarkson replace the current governor general?
When was Clinton acquitted of the charges of perjury and obstructing justice?
When was Sean fined for begging?
Where did McLachlan move from?
Where did the centre of the earthquake hit?
Where did the survey report come from?
Where did the swearing-in of Ms. Clarkson take place?
Where did the two trains collide?
Where do mudslides often occur?
Where in China did the woman come from?
Where is the Family Farm Tribute concert being held?
Where is the Lunar Prospector supposed to crash-land?
Where was Haider photographed playfully juggling a snowball?
Where was Tyrell Dueck from?
Where was the film Water being shot?
Where will a recount take place?
Where will the money come from that the government gives to the hockey teams
While in office, what title does Ms. Clarkson assume?
Who claimed that Tyrell didn't have cancer?
Who did Ms. Clarkson praise during her speech?
Who do town officials want to help clean up the harbour?
Who found the boys?
Who is Adrienne Clarkson replacing as governor general?
Who is Sean's lawyer?
Who is concerned about Radarsat-2's powerful abilities?
Who is one of the prisoners on today's hunt?
Who pressured Habibie to change his mind about allowing peacekeeping troops into Indonesia?
Who should the music society and school provide instruments for, according to Ryan MacLeod?
Who spent hours digging through the rubble?
Who will be able to use the school's instruments?
Why are earthquake victims being treated on the streets?
Why are francophones in the Northwest Territories angry?
Why did Rankin's musical group break up?
Why was Bruce Neudorf hired, according to McLachlan?
